fix(License): Write the procedure for license renewal (#1123)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/licenses.md

The license file will be sent to you by email.

> ## Only once, if the application server had never been started yet: install the very first license file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Install the license for the very first time
```

> When you receive the license file (`.lic` file extension), store the file into the `<TOMCAT_HOME>/setup/platform_conf/licenses` folder or `<WILDFLY_HOME>/setup/platform_conf/licenses/` folder before starting the bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the application server has never been started before (i.e. this is the first time you start the bundle), when you receive the license file (`.lic` file extension), store the file into the `<TOMCAT_HOME>/setup/platform_conf/licenses` folder or `<WILDFLY_HOME>/setup/platform_conf/licenses/` folder before starting the bundle.
```

> ## Otherwise, Save a new license file in the database; when the application server has already been started successfuly once (or more)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Otherwise, save a new license file in the database; when the application server has already been started successfuly once (or more)
```

> - Download the configuration on the disk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the application server has already been started successfully at least once and you need to install a new license because the one already installed has expired or is no longer valid:
- Download the configuration on the disk
```
